My name is Serhii Nechitailenko. I am the head of the Keep Life project. These are mobile stabilization points for the front line
Depending on the complexity of the operation, this stabilization point can accommodate up to 60 people.
The autonomy of this complex is provided by diesel generators.
Water in the conditions in which they work for an average of 10-12 hours, and diesel lighting will be enough
for 50 hours of uninterrupted work, this complex can be developed in an average of 20 minutes
from arrival at the scene
For the first, they are always difficult
We test them out, surgeons help us. Today is generally a wonderful day - we have 2 surgeons
1 came from the front from our first module and the surgeon who will pick up the module today also came from another direction.
In this version, we have 2 surgical tables, this is a full-fledged surgery
resuscitation and dressing for two brigades. There are shadowless lamps here,
an oxygen concentrator, there is a ventilator, a patient condition monitor and we have a defibrillator,
we have an autoclave for sterilizing surgical instruments, which means that it is possible
In fact, everything you can wish for, and the rest is already done by each narrow-profile specialist who will perform his task here
he will already pull up for himself what, conditionally, he will not have enough of